c:\users\topnanis\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CSample\CSample\bin\Debug\CSample.exe.config
c:\users\topnanis\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CSample\CSample\bin\Debug\CSample.exe
c:\users\topnanis\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CSample\CSample\bin\Debug\CSample.pdb
c:\users\topnanis\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CSample\CSample\obj\x86\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\topnanis\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CSample\CSample\obj\x86\Debug\CSample.Form1.resources
c:\users\topnanis\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CSample\CSample\obj\x86\Debug\CSample.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\topnanis\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CSample\CSample\obj\x86\Debug\GenerateResource.read.1.tlog
c:\users\topnanis\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CSample\CSample\obj\x86\Debug\GenerateResource.write.1.tlog
c:\users\topnanis\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CSample\CSample\obj\x86\Debug\CSample.exe
c:\users\topnanis\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CSample\CSample\obj\x86\Debug\CSample.pdb
C:\Users\jjjj.kim\Desktop\CDragFileOut\CSample\bin\Debug\CSample.exe.config
C:\Users\jjjj.kim\Desktop\CDragFileOut\CSample\obj\x86\Debug\CSample.exe
C:\Users\jjjj.kim\Desktop\CDragFileOut\CSample\obj\x86\Debug\CSample.pdb
C:\Users\jjjj.kim\Desktop\CDragFileOut\CSample\bin\Debug\CSample.exe
C:\Users\jjjj.kim\Desktop\CDragFileOut\CSample\bin\Debug\CSample.pdb
C:\Users\jjjj.kim\Desktop\CDragFileOut\CSample\obj\x86\Debug\CSample.Form1.resources
C:\Users\jjjj.kim\Desktop\CDragFileOut\CSample\obj\x86\Debug\CSample.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\jjjj.kim\Desktop\CDragFileOut\CSample\obj\x86\Debug\CSample.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\jjjj.kim\Desktop\CDragFileOut\CSample\bin\Debug\OpenCvSharp.xml
C:\Users\jjjj.kim\Desktop\CDragFileOut\CSample\bin\Debug\OpenCvSharp.UserInterface.xml
C:\Users\jjjj.kim\Desktop\CDragFileOut\CSample\obj\x86\Debug\CSample.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\jjjj.kim\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\OpenCV\CSample\bin\Debug\CSample.exe.config
C:\Users\jjjj.kim\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\OpenCV\CSample\obj\x86\Debug\CSample.exe
C:\Users\jjjj.kim\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\OpenCV\CSample\obj\x86\Debug\CSample.pdb
C:\Users\jjjj.kim\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\OpenCV\CSample\obj\x86\Debug\CSample.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\jjjj.kim\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\OpenCV\CSample\obj\x86\Debug\CSample.Form1.resources
C:\Users\jjjj.kim\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\OpenCV\CSample\obj\x86\Debug\CSample.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\jjjj.kim\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\OpenCV\CSample\obj\x86\Debug\CSample.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\jjjj.kim\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\OpenCV\CSample\bin\Debug\CSample.exe
C:\Users\jjjj.kim\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\OpenCV\CSample\bin\Debug\CSample.pdb
C:\Users\jjjj.kim\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\OpenCV\CSample\bin\Debug\OpenCvSharp.xml
C:\Users\jjjj.kim\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\OpenCV\CSample\bin\Debug\OpenCvSharp.UserInterface.xml
C:\Users\topnanis\Desktop\OpenCV\CSample\bin\Debug\CSample.exe.config
C:\Users\topnanis\Desktop\OpenCV\CSample\obj\x86\Debug\CSample.exe
C:\Users\topnanis\Desktop\OpenCV\CSample\obj\x86\Debug\CSample.pdb
C:\Users\topnanis\Desktop\OpenCV\CSample\bin\Debug\CSample.exe
C:\Users\topnanis\Desktop\OpenCV\CSample\bin\Debug\CSample.pdb
C:\Users\topnanis\Desktop\OpenCV\CSample\bin\Debug\OpenCvSharp.xml
C:\Users\topnanis\Desktop\OpenCV\CSample\bin\Debug\OpenCvSharp.UserInterface.xml
C:\Users\topnanis\Desktop\OpenCV\CSample\obj\x86\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\topnanis\Desktop\OpenCV\CSample\obj\x86\Debug\CSample.Form1.resources
C:\Users\topnanis\Desktop\OpenCV\CSample\obj\x86\Debug\CSample.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\topnanis\Desktop\OpenCV\CSample\obj\x86\Debug\GenerateResource.read.1.tlog
C:\Users\topnanis\Desktop\OpenCV\CSample\obj\x86\Debug\GenerateResource.write.1.tlog
C:\Users\Administrator\Downloads\OpenCV예제\CSample\bin\Debug\CSample.exe.config
C:\Users\Administrator\Downloads\OpenCV예제\CSample\obj\x86\Debug\CSample.exe
C:\Users\Administrator\Downloads\OpenCV예제\CSample\obj\x86\Debug\CSample.pdb
C:\Users\Administrator\Downloads\OpenCV예제\CSample\bin\Debug\CSample.exe
C:\Users\Administrator\Downloads\OpenCV예제\CSample\bin\Debug\CSample.pdb
C:\Users\Administrator\Downloads\OpenCV예제\CSample\bin\Debug\OpenCvSharp.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Downloads\OpenCV예제\CSample\bin\Debug\OpenCvSharp.UserInterface.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Downloads\OpenCV예제\CSample\obj\x86\Debug\CSample.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Administrator\Downloads\OpenCV예제\CSample\obj\x86\Debug\CSample.Form1.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Downloads\OpenCV예제\CSample\obj\x86\Debug\CSample.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Downloads\OpenCV예제\CSample\obj\x86\Debug\CSample.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
V:\OCS_face_detection\CSample\bin\Debug\CSample.exe.config
V:\OCS_face_detection\CSample\obj\x86\Debug\CSample.exe
V:\OCS_face_detection\CSample\obj\x86\Debug\CSample.pdb
V:\OCS_face_detection\CSample\bin\Debug\CSample.exe
V:\OCS_face_detection\CSample\bin\Debug\CSample.pdb
V:\OCS_face_detection\CSample\bin\Debug\OpenCvSharp.xml
V:\OCS_face_detection\CSample\bin\Debug\OpenCvSharp.UserInterface.xml
V:\OCS_face_detection\CSample\obj\x86\Debug\CSample.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
V:\OCS_face_detection\CSample\obj\x86\Debug\CSample.Form1.resources
V:\OCS_face_detection\CSample\obj\x86\Debug\CSample.Properties.Resources.resources
V:\OCS_face_detection\CSample\obj\x86\Debug\CSample.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
